Update README.md (#85)
sendbird/quickstart-calls-ios: README.md

### Create a Sendbird application

 1. Login or Sign-up for an account on [Sendbird Dashboard](https://dashboard.sendbird.com).

>  2. Create or select a calls-enabled application on the dashboard.
>  3. Note your Sendbird application ID for future reference. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Create or select a call-activated application on the dashboard.
3. Keep your Sendbird application ID in a safe place for future reference. 
```
